all right someone's got to beat me to
take me off so I can stop playing DJ at
this location what the fuck yes no
buttons come on at all I love it
fireball holy shit oh my god I did that
when he jumped your refrig buttons did
nothing happened you saw it yep lock
oh my god everything is so delayed
monstrously fucking delayed you swore me
press a button man I can't block I tried
to block it will ahead yes it will what
the fuck he got a free me he's a
fireball
holy fucking shit what a fight to get
moves to come out all right sure tracks
what the fuck yeah it is the second you
didn't know what to do oh no EXO / cut
fact I get nothing no fucking exp retain
nice that was nice
Oh
what the fuck he actually backed away
enough to focus her light of that
oh my god I empty jumped we should have
been safe and it's still fucking hit me
I should have went right over my head
and it didn't all right whatever that's
it enough of this laggy fucking
horrendous online play I hope that
people who played me did enjoy it but
Fisher is fucking a waste of time and
it's so it's so frustrating when you
having a good match then nope nothing
you get nothing and nothing works and
six fucking stupid stuff all right that
is it at the last game i ever played in
this fucking stupid ass game online it
fucking sucks ass online I will never
play it online again